team1,Houston Rockets
team2,Los Angeles Lakers
team3,LA Clippers
team4,Chicago Bulls
team5,Cleveland Cavaliers
team6,Utah Jazz
team7,Brooklyn Nets
team8,New Orleans Pelicans
team9,Indiana Pacers
team10,Toronto Raptors
team11,Charlotte Hornets
team12,Phoenix Suns
team13,Portland TrailBlazers
team14,Golden State Warriors
team15,Napoca 
team16,San Antonio Spurs
team17,Orlando Magic
team18,Denver Nuggets
team19,Detroit Pistons
team20,Atlanta Hawks
team21,Dallas Mavericks
team22,Sacramento Kings
team23,Oklahoma City Thunder
team24,Boston Celtics
team25,New York Knicks
team26,Minnesota Timberwolves
team27,Miami Heat
team28,Milwaukee Bucks
